# Harvard_DataScience_Readmission
You are part of data science &amp; analytics team at Great River Medical Center.  Your team has been asked to create a readmissions model for diabetic patients
When patients are admitted, the hospital collects information related to their ailment along with medicine intake, & physician information.  First, hospital administrators want to know if there are interesting cohorts within patient groups that may increase the probability of readmission.  Further, you will need to create a machine learning model that identifies the patients most likely to return to the hospital after treatment.  Administrators need to limit readmissions because it negatively impacts patient quality of life, causes undue strain on the medical staff and insurance and government supplementals may deny payments if a patient is readmitted within 30 days of discharge.  
The cost of readmissions is large for the patient and hospital, ranging from $10,900 to $15,200 and diabetes is cited as the third leading cause of hospital readmissions.  In fact, “The top four principal diagnoses at index admission—septicemia, heart failure, diabetes, and COPD—combined accounted for one in five readmissions.”  Taken holistically, hospital readmission costs the US $52.4B per year.  All information pre-dates the impact of Covid hospitalization.
After you have built model(s) and evaluated their outputs, you will need to identify the top 100 patients that are expected to return. Hospital administrators will examine the results, and work with staff to improve treatment outcomes for these pilot 100 patients.
Once your team has modeled and identified the customers, you must present your findings to the hospitals chief analytics officer and chief patient advocate.  Once they are comfortable with your insights, model and evaluation, the pilot program can commence. 
